# OSB Koroneiki

OSB Koroneiki is a basic ERP system that retains customer information related to
their accounts, contacts, roles, purchased products, licenses consumed, etc. It
can be thought of as Liferay's entitlement management system.

## What is Koroneiki?

Koroneiki is a long-established olive cultivar that is a prolific producer of
oil.

### Why a tree?

If you look at an overview of the business process, there are striking
similarities to tree physiology. The ERP in this case is analogous to the
rootstock. The analogy can further be applied to other business process parts
not mentioned here.

### Why an olive?

One of the earliest practices of grafting branches onto a rootstock is with
the olive tree.

#### Regarding this project

The traditional process of grating cultivated olive branches onto wild olive
trees mirrors our project. An established wild olive tree will be strong,
disease resistant, and drought tolerant. However, wild olive trees do not
produce good fruit. Cultivated olive trees do produce good fruit, but may not
have the robustness of a well established tree. So to take advantage of both
qualities, you cut the wild olive tree down to its rootstock and then graft
cultivated olive branches onto it. Thus you get a healthy robust tree that
produces good fruit.

#### Regarding our business

Koroneiki is the strong cultivated rootstock. Our various systems are the
cultivated scions being grafted onto this rootstock to draw the nutrients
necessary to produce good fruit (ie products and services). When the tree
becomes exhausted and unproductive, wild scions can be grafted in to rejuvenate
it and stimulate fruit production. That fruit is then processed with the final
result of oil as our reward. A portion is then given to the Liferay Foundation
to be mixed with flour and salt and baked.

### Why Koroneiki?

Although small, it's great for producing oil and has historical and present day
significance.

Koroneiki can be abbreviated to Kor which is a literal description of this
system being the core of our products and services. It is also an allusion to
our previous name for this system, "corp".